Ahahahahaha Brother Yang
Your eyes
Used by me
Yujinbo, one of the three quality assurance of Xuanyi Dao Palace
Protect even if Yuan Danjing comes
Gotta hit it all
To shake
Yu Jinbo's beloved is right in front of him
But powerless to save
This heartbreak is so memorable
Yuan Danqing can't splash either
I'm not enough
Far from enough
Under the crushing of the dragon
Ants are still working hard
This stupid insistence is ridiculous
Ahahaha Brother Yang
Stop cutting
Cut again
Your internal organs will be shattered
Take you home
Is my greatest wish
If not
My stealing heart will also be destroyed
What's the difference between the living and the dead?
Since Brother Yang can die for me
But housewarming is not surviving